1. What is the difference between Discrete and Continuous Data?
ANS. Discrete data is information that can only take certain values.This type of data is often represented using tally charts, bar charts or pie charts. Continuous data is data that can take any value. Height, weight, temperature and length are all examples of continuous data.


2. What is the criteria for data to land into dimensions and measures?
ANS.  Dimension is a discreate field that can be considered an independent variable. By default, Tableau treats any field containing qualitative, categorical information as a dimension.
Measure is a continous field that is a dependent variable; i.e. its value is a function of one or more dimensions.
Tableau treats any field containing numeric (quantitative) information as a measure.


3. What is Metadata, where is it present in the workbook?
ANS. The Tableau Metadata API discovers and indexes all of the content on your Tableau Online site or Tableau Server, including workbooks, data sources, flows, and metrics,track lineage or the relationships between content and external assets, like data sources and workbooks.


4. What happens when you aggregate or disaggregate the Data?
ANS.It is useful to look at numerical data in an aggregated form such as a summation or an average. The mathematical functions that produce aggregated data are called aggregation functions. Aggregation functions perform a calculation on a set of values and return a single value.
 For example, a measure that contains the values 1, 2, 3, 3, 4 aggregated as a sum returns a single value: 13. Or if you have 3,000 sales transactions from 50 products in your data source, you might want to view the sum of sales for each product, so that you can decide which products have the highest revenue.
       If you want to see all of the marks in the view at the most detailed level of granularity, you can disaggregate the view. Disaggregating your data means that Tableau will display a separate mark for every data value in every row of your data source.


5. 5. You are working on a dataset, the client adds in more data to the dataset. What happens to the Visualization that you had created? Give the explanation for both Live and Extracted data.
ANS. If you add more data to the dataset,visualisation remains unchanged for extracted data until you refresh whereas visualisation gets updated for live data.


6. What are the file extensions in Tableau and how each one is different?
ANS. The different file extensions in tableau are-
	1)Workbooks (.twb) 
	2)Bookmarks (.tbm)
	3)Packaged Workbooks (.twbx) 
	4)Extract (.hyper or .tde) 
	5)Data Source (.tds) 
	6)Packaged Data Source (.tdsx)

1)Workbooks (.twb) – Tableau workbook files have the .twb file extension. Workbooks hold one or more worksheets, plus zero or more dashboards and stories.
2)Bookmarks (.tbm) – Tableau bookmark files have the .tbm file extension. Bookmarks contain a single worksheet and are an easy way to quickly share your work. 
3)Packaged Workbooks (.twbx) – Tableau packaged workbooks have the .twbx file extension. A packaged workbook is a single zip file that contains a workbook along with any supporting local file data and background images. This format is the best way to package your work for sharing with others who don’t have access to the original data. 
4)Extract (.hyper or .tde) – Depending on the version the extract was created in, Tableau extract files can have either the .hyper or .tde file extension. Extract files are a local copy of a subset or entire data set that you can use to share data with others, when you need to work offline, and improve performance. 
5)Data Source (.tds) – Tableau data source files have the .tds file extension. Data source files are shortcuts for quickly connecting to the original data that you use often. Data source files do not contain the actual data but rather the information necessary to connect to the actual data as well as any modifications you've made on top of the actual data.
6)Packaged Data Source (.tdsx) – Tableau packaged data source files have the .tdsx file extension. A packaged data source is a zip file that contains the data source file (.tds) described above as well as any local file data such as extract files (.hyper or .tde), text files, Excel files, Access files, and local cube files. 




